fourth challenge (#6)
Certora/damn-vulnerable-defi: contracts/side-entrance/README.md

# Challenge 2 - Side Entrance
A surprisingly simple pool allows anyone to deposit ETH, and withdraw it at any point in time.

It has 1000 ETH in balance already, and is offering free flash loans using the deposited ETH to promote their system.

Starting with 1 ETH in balance, pass the challenge by taking all ETH from the pool.

### Finding The Bug

> We want to check that the pool is solvent, that means that the amount of ETH the pool has have to be at least the amount of the sum of balances the users deposited to the pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to check that the pool is solvent. That means that the amount of ETH the pool holds has to be at least the sum of the balances the users deposited to the pool.
```

Let's run this invariant using: 
```certoraRun contracts/side-entrance/Challenge4.conf```

[A report of that run](https://prover.certora.com/output/15800/09103d29281f49ea99460371b3d650bc?anonymousKey=3e347321ecdd4c22b3a704c50ce10e770d7884c4)

If you'll inspect the spec we wrote you'll notice that we summarized the execute function to simulate the different functions of the pool. This is an under approximation since the execute function can actually do anything but the attack vector is through interaction with the pool during a flash loan.

> The invariant failed for the flashLoan function. We can see that a user was able to make the pool insolvent, he was increase his balance in the contract with the funds he flash loaned and fool the contract that flash loan was paid back without actually paying it back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The invariant failed for the flashLoan function while calling back the withdraw function. We can see that a user was able to make the pool insolvent by increasing his balance in the contract with the funds he flash loaned and fooling the contract that flash loan was paid back without actually paying it back.
```
